Add IPTV Stream Checker (#243)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [RockMyM3u](https://rockmym3u.com/) - M3U & Xtream Editor, create playlists and more online.
- [m3u.in](https://m3u.in/) - Create, edit, sort channels/groups in m3u playlists online, merge two or more playlists into one, automatic updates, access logs, short links and more. (blocked inside the Russian Federation for now)
- [IPTV Tools](http://www.iptvtools.net/) - A website that provides the necessary tools for IPTV, such as a link checking tool.

> - [IPTV Stream Checker](https://github.com/NewsGuyTor/IPTVChecker) - IPTV Stream Checker is a command-line tool designed to check the status of channels in an IPTV M3U8 playlist; it verifies if the streams are alive, captures screenshots, provides detailed information about video and audio streams, and identifies any potential issues like low framerates or mislabeled channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IPTV Stream Checker](https://github.com/NewsGuyTor/IPTVChecker) - Check the availability of the tested streams and pinpoints labeling anomalies (Python is required)
```
